Hi friends. In this video,
we are going to see how to list all your buckets using
Python moto three script C. In our previous video,
we have seen concepts of moto three to work with S3 or for any service.
So there's, as of now,
you are trying to do this task.
I mean, you're executing these tasks from your local host.
So whenever if you're executing your code from your local host, right,
you need to create a session,
and that session is customization, right?
And we will first see how to import boat O3,
then create a session.
This is like customization,
even it can take any name like custom Shun, No Barolo, right?
So already we have seen our syntaxes for custom session in our previous videos, right?
Moto three, dot session,
then dot session, then you have to provide profile name.
So where is this Profile Name is nothing but while configuring
your particular IAM access keys on your local host,
you have given some name to identify those credentials.
Because without those credentials only you are able
to communicate with your AWS upon using your boatload riskier.
Right?
So we are following, suppose one of the IAM user called devil route.
Fine.
Then after that, write the concepts of your moto three to
work with any services first year to create a session than, than you how?
Then you have to create a S3 console that you can
create using either a resource or client.
Because for S3 you how resource,
that's why you can use either resource or client.
Right? Now, let me go and create first a resource.
I mean, first I will implement the code with the resource object,
and then we will also see how to implement these core width client object.
Let me create is three object or nothing but S3 console using
resource observed is nothing but your custom session dot a resource,
then your service name is three.
And you have to provide some region, right?
So region name equals to,
if you don't provide any decision named,
we'll take the default region which you have configured while running.
You will enlist configure command, right?
So whether you are services based on region or not,
that the secondary First thing,
you need to provide some region name,
at least some default Asian ME auto, take it.
Fine. Then.
Now in your hand you how resource object.
From resource object, how to list all your buckets, right?
Then, just to go and open your moto three documentation.
Right? In this just
Open your document first,
then select your available services,
then go with the S3.
In S3, right?
V, How a resource as well as client object C,
we how client, this one, and we have resource.
As of now we are implementing our core with resource.
Then let me open that resource procedure in one new page.
Right?
Now in resource, right,
you just to go through all these options first so that you will get
some idea of what are the options you have if you go through that,
like Delhi or somewhere buckets.
Right?
That's why what you have to do is let me open even this index also buckets.
So simply S3 buckets, dot-dot-dot all.
What is this S three,
this is nothing but your S3 resource object.
So for, let me first do one thing.
Print your S3 resource dot buckets dot all.
Nowadays, resource is nothing but like a high level object.
That means each and every operation like object,
I mean dot operation.
Only the final stage output you will get a dictionary format,
but are some direct output.
Otherwise always you will get a each and every step output is like a object.
First, let me run this.
So let's see what would, what you are going to get. What happened?
Okay, spell mystic, BU CK ETS right.
Now, see the output, what you are going to get now.
You're getting something that is like your object.
So you are trying to fetch all buckets,
but you are getting only one object information.
That means inside of that you hope you are all available buckets information.
That's why whenever you feel oh,
multiple objects inside of that,
what you have to do you undertake for loop two, subreddit one-by-one.
So each bucket info in this information then tried to print your bucket.
So before running the score,
let me open my AWS or cone c that I have only two buckets.
Now if I run this code c,
you output what you are going to get.
You are getting two buckets objects.
They're not stride forward your bucket information,
I'm in bucket name.
Your bucket information not only with your name, right,
when it was created by what is the size of different ways you how in this bucket,
but you need as of now only the name.
That's why you are each bucket in Fort dot name.
Now see the output. That's it.
Right? That's fine.
So this is the way how you can implement your code using resource object of your S3.
But now I want to implement the same output.
I need to get the same output yz,
even using client object as well.
Let me implement Now the code with client.
So S3 using Klein is nothing but your custom Session.get client.
Then service name a goes to S three.
Then a region name equals to,
let us say, suppose US East One.
Anyway, we know that, right?
S3 is not going to win on any vision name but your boat of their needs,
at least one reason and that's why we are providing here.
Right.
Fine. Now, you how document for your client does.
Well, let me click on that and open that.
Now once if you open your client object for your S3 first again,
go through all your operations.
So guys here, the document in that,
whatever you are, that is a default session, right?
There is not the case in our real time.
Most of the cases, this is not the case only this is the case
whenever if you are running your code from lambda, right?
Moto three is nothing but our session here,
they're using default position marked create first customization from consumption,
we have to create your required service.
So they are grading. Suppose this is like S3 client,
but they're creating directly from default session, right?
We have our own customization.
That's why our customer attrition dot your client.
This is the way how we are implementing. That's fine.
Now, under S3 client you have different operations just to go through the,
all the operations top to down so that we
can see some very or required operation list buckets.
Just click on that and see the output.
Right? So you simply your S3 client object dot list objects.
So less than let me directly printed that result as three client object dot.
Let me do one dot.
That's a trick. We save this and run the output and see the output.
See you are getting some dictionary output by default, right?
Whenever if you apply some operation using your client,
the very first state output is,
is always a dictionary.
Inside that based on your requirement, you are,
you may have a list of values or some,
again in dictionary, right?
Now if you observe here u,
how response metadata, right?
And then you, How buckets information,
what you need, you need buckets only.
So the way how you are going to get your output is already there in terms of,
for example, see, this is the way you are going to get.
You need buckets, right?
So from this entire output,
I don't want to get all the output.
I need to get only bucket information.
That's why you get your buckets key. Now see the output.
So buckets, maybe multiple buckets,
that's where you're getting a list. See that?
Now I need to separate one-by-one bucket,
then you have only one option whenever you have multiple things from that.
Whenever if you want to take one by one,
just to go and use for loop for each bucket info.
In this, let me print one-by-one separately,
print your each bucket info,
save it and run it and see the output,
what you are going to get.
That's it.
They're getting again a dictionary.
Now this directory one dictionaries for
one bucket and secondly studies for second bucket.
But what you need, you want to display only the name then here,
dot get name, C, output.
Now you are getting only the names.
So there is now you achieved the list of buckets using resource as well as client.
Let me enable both the things I'm in resource as well as client.
So for this operation,
there is a possibility to get your
required to implement the required code using resource as well as client.
So here I'm writing print
using resource object.
Now, this is using client object.
Let me save it and run it.
See you are getting your output using resource,
same information, using client, same information.
Right?
So these are the simple code just to get all the work buckets from your AWS account.
But if there is a small drawback guys,
if your using client and there is no guarantee that you are going to get all buckets.
Only problem is with client, not with the resource.
What is that means? Whenever if you are doing a APA column and this is like a query,
no, query, query, nothing but you are,
you are getting all the bucket names.
You are being some query related with
your AWS account through goto three using client object.
So whenever if you are implementing your code with client upset,
particular to S3, Just observe consonant and own and only on S3.
Whenever if you're acquiring your AWS account information delivered with the
S3 using plaint opposite client object will able to fetch only 1000 results.
That means 1000 bucket names anymore, we have only two.
That way we don't have any problem here.
If you have more than 1000 bucket,
then definitely your client is not going to list all the work bucket names.
But there is a problem with client.
So whenever if you are implementing your code with client,
we already discussed in our previous video, paginated.
So when you have to use pollinators,
by default tried to make a habit to implement your core with resonators whenever if
you're querying with your AWS account because you don't know
how many buckets or how many objects are there with your order,
you are URLS account you may household suppose less than 1000,
not more than 1000, you don't know suppose.
But through code, if you want to get perfectly
all buckets information or object, all objects information.
This is like a query, guys make a note,
this is a query when somebody,
if you are doing a query,
fetching result is nothing but like query at that time,
only inclined you have to use fascinate us.
So how do you use pass non-natives?
Right, while querying the information about your AWS particular S3 service, right?
All those things we will see in next video.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you for watching this video.